OSDOCS 9447: Restructured oc-mirror section to include both V1 and V2 changes. (#74485)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-updating-cluster-manifests-v2.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected-v2.adoc
// * updating/updating_a_cluster/updating_disconnected_cluster/mirroring-image-repository.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oc-mirror-updating-cluster-manifests-v2_{context}"]
= Configuring your cluster to use the resources generated by v2

> After you have mirrored your image set to the mirror registry, you must apply the generated ImageDigestMirrorSet (IDMS), ImageTagMirrorSet (ITMS), CatalogSource, and release image signature resources into the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have mirrored your image set to the mirror registry, you must apply the generated ImageDigestMirrorSet (IDMS), ImageTagMirrorSet (ITMS), CatalogSource, UpdateService into the cluster. 
```

> The ImageDigestMirrorSet resource associates the mirror registry with the source registry and redirects image pull requests using digest specifications. Whereas, the ImagetagMirrorSet redirects the image pull requests using image tags. The CatalogSource resource is used by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) to retrieve information about the available Operators in the mirror registry. The release image signatures are used to verify the mirrored release images.

Reviewer 2: This is duplicated from the previous section

Author: Removed

> The ImageDigestMirrorSet resource associates the mirror registry with the source registry and redirects image pull requests using digest specifications. Whereas, the ImagetagMirrorSet redirects the image pull requests using image tags. The CatalogSource resource is used by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) to retrieve information about the available Operators in the mirror registry. The release image signatures are used to verify the mirrored release images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ImageDigestMirrorSet resource associates the mirror registry with the source registry and redirects image pull requests using digest specifications. Whereas, the ImagetagMirrorSet redirects the image pull requests using image tags. 
The CatalogSource resource is used by Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) to retrieve information about the available Operators in the mirror registry. 
```

Author: Done

.Prerequisites

* You have mirrored the image set to the registry mirror in the disconnected environment.
* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

.Procedure

. Log in to the OpenShift CLI as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

. Apply the YAML files from the results directory to the cluster by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc mirror --v2 -c 
clid10.yaml <1>
file:///home/skhoury/clid-10 <2>
----
<1> yaml 
<2> Insert the file path 

> .Example Output for IDMS no-max yaml

Reviewer 2: here you can remove `no-max` and keep idms-oc-mirror.yaml

Author: Done

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.openshift.io/v1
kind: ImageDigestMirrorSet
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: null
  name: idms-generic-0
spec:
  imageDigestMirrors:
  - mirrors:
    - localhost:5000/clid10/noflag/openshift-community-operators
    source: quay.io/openshift-community-operators
status: {}
----

> .Example Output for IDMS max

Reviewer 2: only one idms example is enough, keep only the one above.

Author: Done

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.openshift.io/v1
kind: ImageDigestMirrorSet
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: null
  name: idms-generic-0
spec:
  imageDigestMirrors:
  - mirrors:
    - localhost:5000/clid10/noflag-openshift-community-operators-cockroachdb
    source: quay.io/openshift-community-operators/cockroachdb
status: {}
----

> .Example Output for ITMS no-max yaml

Reviewer 2: you can rename it to itms-oc-mirror.yaml

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.openshift.io/v1
kind: ImageTagMirrorSet
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: null
  name: itms-generic-0
spec:
  imageTagMirrors:
  - mirrors:
    - localhost:5000/clid10/noflag/kubebuilder
    source: gcr.io/kubebuilder
  - mirrors:
    - localhost:5000/clid10/noflag/cockroachdb
    source: quay.io/cockroachdb
  - mirrors:
    - localhost:5000/clid10/noflag/helmoperators
    source: quay.io/helmoperators
status: {}
----

> .Example Output for ITMS max

Reviewer 2: keep only one example of itms, the previous one

// * updating/updating_a_cluster/updating_disconnected_cluster/mirroring-image-repository.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oc-mirror-updating-cluster-manifests-v2_{context}"]
= Configuring your cluster to use the resources generated by v2

After you have mirrored your image set to the mirror registry, you must apply the generated `ImageDigestMirrorSet` (IDMS), `ImageTagMirrorSet` (ITMS), `CatalogSource`, `UpdateService` into the cluster. 

[IMPORTANT]
====
Compared to ICSP generation of oc-mirror v1, IDMS and ITMS files generated span the full scope of the image set. Consequently, in case of incremental mirroring, where only a subset of images (the new ones) are mirrored, the IDMS and ITMS files will cover the complete image set.
====
 
.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

.Procedure

. Log in to the OpenShift CLI as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

. Apply the YAML files from the results directory to the cluster by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <path_to_oc-mirror_workspace>/working-dir/cluster-resources
----

> .Example Output for `idms-oc-mirror.yaml`

Reviewer 3: @subhtk - I think both these examples have been excluded - refer to the v2 doc
